Kasey's Cards has started to offer various classes to help you build you card crafting skills.
Below is a list of upcoming classes.
This list is updated on a regular basis, so be sure to check back for new and exciting classes.

Class: Card Basics
	It seems like a simple concept, but having a blueprint will help you be more structured, 
	decrease waste(both of your time and of your supplies), and help you create a finished product
	that you will be happy with and proud to give to anyone you know.
	Card Basics is offered on the 1st and 3rd Mondays of the month from 7pm - 8pm.  
	It is open to all skill levels, but is ideal for beginners.
	Class fee is $25 for both class.  This includes supplies for the project.


Class: Making Paper
        More advanced card makers sometimes want paper choices that they simply can't find.  In this class
	you'll learn the basics of making your own paper.  Create projects that are truly one of a kind and 
	have your personal touch.
	Making Paper is offered on the last Thursday of every month at 7pm.
	This is open to all skill levels, but is ideal for moderate or advanced skill levels.
	Class fee is $20.  This includes supplies for the project and you get to keep what you make.

Class: Advanced Card Design
        This class offers more experienced crafters an opportunity find out about the newest trends, products
	and a chance to interact with other crafters at your skill level.  It is social, as well as information 
	and instructive.  Product representatives are present to explain the lastest tools, embellishments, trends 
	a chance to try their newest products.
	Advanced Card Design is offered on the 2nd Friday of every month.  It starts at 7pm.  Ending times vary.  
	This class is for moderate to advanced card makers.
	Class fee is $45.  This includes refreshments and munchies.  Bring your own supplies.  
	Supplies will be available for purchase if desired.
	This class fills up quickly.  Reservations are recommended.

If you are interested in attending a class, please press enter to continue.